feat!: move to ESM-only and fix package exports (#3380)
unocss/unocss: docs/integrations/webpack.md

  ```
:::

> From UnoCSS version `v0.58.1`, UnoCSS has been moved to ESM-only, and so you need to load your configuration via dynamic import:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From UnoCSS version `v0.59.0`, UnoCSS has been moved to ESM-only, you need to load your configuration via dynamic import:
```

// main.ts
import 'uno.css'
```

## Frameworks

### Vue + Vue CLI

> If you're using [Vue CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/) with webpack 4/5 with UnoCSS `v0.58.1+`, you need to use the latest [Vue CLI Service](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/cli-service.html) `v5.0.8` to load your configuration with dynamic import:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using [Vue CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/) with webpack 4/5 with UnoCSS `v0.59.0`, you need to use the latest [Vue CLI Service](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/cli-service.html) `v5.0.8` to load your configuration with dynamic import:
```
